README.md, before:

# Activemodel::ExtraValidations

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/activemodel/extra_validations`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'activemodel-extra_validations'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install activemodel-extra_validations

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/activemodel-extra_validations. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/activemodel-extra_validations/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Activemodel::ExtraValidations project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/activemodel-extra_validations/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Document the codebase maintainability Rake tasks

README.md, after:

# Activemodel::ExtraValidations

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/activemodel/extra_validations`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'activemodel-extra_validations'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle install

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install activemodel-extra_validations

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies, configure git hooks and create support files.

You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

The health and maintainability of the codebase is ensured through a set of
Rake tasks to test, lint and audit the gem for security vulnerabilities and documentation:

```
rake bundle:audit          # Checks for vulnerable versions of gems
rake qa                    # Test, lint and perform security and documentation audits
rake rubocop               # Lint the codebase with RuboCop
rake rubocop:auto_correct  # Auto-correct RuboCop offenses
rake spec                  # Run RSpec code examples
rake verify_measurements   # Verify that yardstick coverage is at least 100%
rake yard                  # Generate YARD Documentation
rake yard:junk             # Check the junk in your YARD Documentation
rake yardstick_measure     # Measure docs in lib/**/*.rb with yardstick
```

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/activemodel-extra_validations. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/activemodel-extra_validations/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Activemodel::ExtraValidations project's codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/activemodel-extra_validations/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
